v0.0.1 (#1)
codacy/codacy-intellij-extension: README.md

# Codacy IntelliJ IDEA Extension

> The Codacy extension for IntelliJ IDEA helps you review and manage the issues found by Codacy directly within Visual Studio Code. It notifies you whether a pull request is up to standards by highlighting problematic code patterns and displaying code quality metrics.

Reviewer: I think we missed this here.
```suggestion
The Codacy extension for IntelliJ IDEA helps you review and manage the issues found by Codacy directly within the IntelliJ IDE. It notifies you whether a pull request is up to standards by highlighting problematic code patterns and displaying code quality metrics.
```
